well the first day of week 4 has been
wrapped I'm here at the LCS with covers
presented by Omni slash to interview
Tyler who is the coach for golden
Guardians Judah just Tyler I've heard
like others like it akari I could what
what's so my my in-game name is a kiri
and I it's just Tyler Tyler ok we're
just gonna go with Tyler ok so you are
the coach Guardians a team which as of
right now is 0 7 and then the LCS you
have recently come into this role in the
past week or so what what is all this
like for you because it's got to be kind
of a crazy situation yeah it's a it's a
combination of like surreal overwhelming
exciting and nerve-wracking
I would guess maybe not nerve-wracking
but yeah it's it's pretty crazy and what
what what is your take on the golden
Guardian situation and especially as
somebody who's been with them since the
start of the split so I would take it as
this is a great opportunity for me to
work on the problems that I think our
team has and trying to develop us even
more from the weeks before
what's holding back golden Guardians
from getting into the top six for
instance so right now I think what's
holding us back is we need to be better
teammates and we need to have better
focus during practice so that's been
like kind of our goal for this past week
and what we're gonna do heading into
next week as well and when you say
better teammates what do you mean by
that so better teammates I mean like I
think overall we haven't developed as
much as we maybe should have in terms of
working together so we're doing a lot
more things outside of scrims or like
bonding and stuff like that to make sure
that our guys feel really comfortable
when they talk to each other in-game and
really comfortable when they talk to
each other outside a game so we can work
on improving and not have to work on
other things one of the things that is
really interesting to me about the
golden Guardians situation is that it
kind of reminds me a lot of like Team
Liquid last year where there are a lot
of teams I think in the LCS every split
including this one that aren't really
talked about you know they kind of hang
out near the bottom and
just people just don't really care
conversely people seem to care a lot
about golden Guardians and what's going
on
people like honestly talking about it
there are videos frequently going up on
reddit I we talk about a lot on on my
show and so it's kind of this
interesting thing where you get a lot of
criticism but at the same time the team
is getting a lot of attention probably a
lot better than being less cared about
one of the things that is a byproduct of
that is that a lot of people seem to
have a lot of opinions on who should
have your job right now so I'd love to
get your take on this one do you feel
like you you fit the head coach role
that you've been thrust into and to what
do you think of a lot of people sort of
speculating or giving options on who
else should have that role so in terms
of me being a good fit for this role I
think I was an easy solution for for
what happened and how sudden it was and
by the end of this year my goal was to
look for potential opportunities as a
head coach
whether that be staying with the golden
Guardians if like for whatever reason
like locos contract ended after a year
or something or or maybe what that might
entail but in terms of like if I feel
like I'm qualified for this job I think
I'm very qualified I have have a lot of
experience working with coaches learning
under coaches having mentors that are
coaches so I think it's just a matter of
time before I had this role and the fact
that we are oh seven doesn't really
change that I think it's a it's a good
opportunity for me and I kind of forgot
the second half of your question second
question no no it's fine it's fine
sorry that's my self doing a job of
building the question but the second
part of it was yeah people look well
people looking for your job so Valkyr
and post is something I haven't seen it
yet because I was at the LCS but the
Comets seem to think that he's like
let's like it elaborate it's like an
application for the job other people
have said like like Saint said like oh I
offer to help out and every Monty
tweeted something like golden Guardians
you need to hire a cop and Saint to help
out with your team so what do you think
of sort of all this conversation in the
past week about who should come in and
save golden Guardians and have your role
right now in all that stuff so obviously
I appreciate everyone's concern with our
team I think it's it's
nice that a lot of people have things
that they want to help us with whether
that's like things that they think we're
doing wrong or things that we're not
already going over it's it's kind of
interesting to me um I've been like kind
of in a bubble and not really looking at
a lot of that stuff because it's I'm
just so busy already it's not even like
I wouldn't do it anyways it's just like
I just haven't really done it which is
kind of weird but in terms of like the
criticism of like if I'm doing my job
poorly or if someone else should have it
I'm always open for criticism so I think
it's nice to see people like like for
example cop did reach out to me and was
like hey like if you need any help like
I'm here for you I think this is a this
is a big task for you and maybe I could
help but I was like I really appreciate
that I don't know if like that's a
possibility right now but like who knows
but I think it's the intention is what I
look behind it and not necessarily like
the reason so if their intention is like
hey I think like you could use some help
then that's great if their intention is
like you suck then I'm not gonna take in
their criticism you know we're what do
you think golden Guardians chances are
for this split for the rest of it I
think we have a great chance to upset a
lot of teams and we have a great chance
at looking towards the lower end of
playoffs maybe sneaking in but it's
gonna be hard you know one thing sorry
it's the end of the day one thing I
should have asked earlier in the
interview is what can you give me a
little bit of the background on you as a
person just for the people because I
actually know a decent amount now from
talking to Hunter & Spell Z who helps
runs this and as well so many other
folks about your background even Acadian
before this was mentioning your time and
the Challenger scene but for those that
don't know what what is your situation
so before golden Guardians I was
assistant coach for Phoenix one last
foot and then before that I worked with
immortals as an analyst and I worked
with immortal immortal so I just said
that I work with fanatic as an analyst
for worlds too so I've worked with a lot
of teams I did a lot of amateur scene
work as well so I coached like Team Sky
and a couple of other other teams like
that so it's just a matter of yeah I
actually don't know how it's gonna fit
you're still well I understand you knew
we're all on the head coach situation
first interview oh yeah these things
kind of go in different ace and I'm
exhausted
sure you are at the end of the stay yeah
by the way really quickly do you think
that you guys look better in that game
against Psycho Fox cuz I'm certainly not
an analyst but it felt like you guys
slipped a little bit better yeah so I
think last week it might have looked
like we kind of rolled over and died for
a couple of games
Peter said playing against you guys you
just say he's like they just did nothing
there was no tension or anything yeah it
was pretty rough game against TL they
they also played really well to be to be
fair as well they shouldn't get credit
taking away from them but I think we
looked we look pretty good today we look
like echo fox we could scare echo fox
which was good very good anything that
you would say to any of the golden
Guardians people the people are like who
is this guy should it get rid of them
bring in cop bring in a cop and bring in
Valkyrie I just want to say that I
appreciate all of your criticism and and
your help for our org I think it's gonna
be a journey and I'm I'm happy that you
guys are still along for the journey
even if it's a rough one so thanks thank
you so much for the interview Tyler and
best of luck looking forward to seeing
you guys face off tomorrow against
hundreds you know I don't know if you
know this but spell C lives with me
right now
Gabriel who's the head of video
production 400 thieves those with me
right now so when I was a roommate face
off I'm very concerned about what's
gonna happen so actually my old
performance coach on p1 works for a
hundred thieves now too and I almost
accepted a job with a higher thieves so
it's it's gonna be quite the battle
everyone thinks it's about bio frost vs
TSM tomorrow no the real battle is
actually my roommate your old
performance get all this stuff anyway
you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel hey thank you
so much for subscribing to my channel
wait you haven't subscribed yet well you
should it because there's more LCS
interviews brought to you by Omni slash
right here